ok we are going to present this new
meeting for which I am
worth the braying with the band of
skateboard tools as they were good here
of droids the manager can hear us talk
right now I'm going with the riders but
tell us what wave with tul how many years
time with sleep this time takes in the
Mark in the scene I get nervous
see especially since it takes about 16
years or so 15 16 years old it started
from below you know several know about
that story
it's pretty good and right now the grip
taking again wanting to do well
the things taking out commercials taking
little things so new talents what is it
that we are interested in giving you the
opportunity to new people
I come more or less to 0 how long
You have been skating I have been between 12 and 13
years skating
almost all the time with the most
of sweet
very well there is the law and its
names please with Pablo tell me what
wave with tulle what wave you with tula no
well, I'm just in control
about five months then towards tula
contest not for the kids
and then I went to the contests and
I know I think he foresaw that if he were
that if I liked it, there is no
I spoke with him and so the
opportunity to see what it means to
you have the support of a big brand
Well, the truth is that as a skater,
feels good is not like a motivation anymore
that a brand supports you because it gives you
up everything in any of any
meaning you're going up
very good name that is for you to be in
your web
big
well, I do not have much
entertain
three weeks delivery
because that's how a motivation
what makes me grow this way
both talent and motivation
thank you , experience savvy
be in tulle and your vision of the brand and
which is a new project for you
juan de dios I'm from the city of
thermal over chilies talent because
you support me about four years ago
that back in toluca did not lower the level
but we are making you want
hear me and this is the one I do this
question I ask at 4
what does it mean to you that you read
you skate league what do you think of the league
is that in Mexico
and what is your expectation of you as
riders inside the contest
this is the second time that contest in
the league
it's a Chinese experience reunnes
skater from everywhere and the
coexistence you know a good client and
because more or less is what for me is the
league do not live together and meet people
tomás is something very well important of the
true
to do this kind of events because
help this
gross
great riders the truth because we have
many levels mexico planet is fine
I'm party there they have the tulle band
and we go with the next team